feat(udfs): generic support for lists/maps in UDFs (#3054)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/udf.rst

log for any null values being passed to a primitive type. The associated column in the output row
will be ``null``.

Generics in UDFS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A UDF declaration can utilize generics if they match the following conditions:

- Any generic in the return value of a method must appear in at least one of the method parameters

> - The generic must not adhere to any interface (e.g. `<T extends Number>` is invalid)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The generic must not adhere to any interface. For example,. ``<T extends Number>`` is not valid.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: We don't support type coercion for generics, but do for specific types, right? e.g. if I have a function like `add(T a, T b)` and I try to call it with something that resolves to `INT, BIGINT`, that won't work. But if I did `add(Long a, Long b)` it would. Might want to call that out in the docs.
